Allow immediate_callback on the main app (#292)
henryiii/CLI11: README.md

-   `.count_all()`: 🆕 Returns the total number of arguments a particular subcommand processed, on the master App it returns the total number of processed commands.
-   `.name(name)`: Add or change the name.
-   `.callback(void() function)`: Set the callback that runs at the end of parsing. The options have already run at this point. See [Subcommand callbacks](#callbacks) for some additional details.

> -   `.immediate_callback()`: 🆕 Specify that the callback for a subcommand should run immediately on completion of a subcommand vs at the completion of all parsing if this option is not used. When used on the main app 🚧 it executed the main app callback prior to the callbacks for a subcommand if they do not also have the `immediate_callback` flag set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `.immediate_callback()`: 🆕 Specify that the callback for a subcommand should run immediately on completion of a subcommand vs at the completion of all parsing if this option is not used. When used on the main app 🚧 it will execute the main app callback prior to the callbacks for a subcommand if they do not also have the `immediate_callback` flag set.
```

Reviewer: I don't seem to have permission to push this to your fork.

Author: I added you to the repo so you should be able to push once you accept the invite
